Instructions for running RMI source code examples.
--------------------------------------------------

The instructions for running the RMI code examples that
are provided in the text are sufficient for JDK 1.1. However,
the new security model of the Java 2 (JDK 1.2) requires
using setting a security policy. 

If you are running these source code examples using Java 2
or later, please follow the following:

1. Compile all source files.

2. Generate the stub and skeleton class files using RMIC.

	rmic MessageQueueImpl

3. Start the registry (rmiregistry)

The  above is the same as provided in the text. The following
steps will require the use of a security policy file. The directory
containing the RMI source code also contains a security file.
of this file is "java.policy". It contains the following:


	grant {
        	permission java.net.SocketPermission "*:1024-65535",
               		"connect,accept";
	};


This policy file allows a Java program to connect to or to accept connections
from any ports numbered 1024 - 65535. By default, RMI uses port 1099.

4. Create the remote object specifying a security policy

	java -Djava.security.policy=java.policy MessageQueueImpl

This specifies using a security policy contained in the file java.policy.

5. Start the factory:

	java -Djava.security.policy=policy.policy Factory

This also specifies using the same security file as the remote object.

* The directions outlined in this file and in the text assume you are running
this on the same host. Running the RMI example on multiple hosts will require
further instructions and typically vary depending upon the systems you are running
them from. Generally, changing the IP address from 127.0.0.1 to the IP address
of the host you are running the server from should be sufficient. Also make sure
that all class files are available on both the client and the server side.

It is possible to have the server download the class files to the client. For
details how to do this, please consult the RMI homepage at
http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/rmi
